README.md, before:

# FSharp.Control.Websockets

[Enter useful description for FSharp.Control.Websockets]

---

## Builds

MacOS/Linux | Windows
--- | ---
[![Travis Badge](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets) | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)
[![Build History](https://buildstats.info/travisci/chart/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets)](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets/builds) | [![Build History](https://buildstats.info/appveyor/chart/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)  


## Nuget 

Stable | Prerelease
--- | ---
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/FSharp.Control.Websockets)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Control.Websockets/) | [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/FSharp.Control.Websockets?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Control.Websockets/)

---

### Building


Make sure the following **requirements** are installed in your system:

* [dotnet SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/core) 2.0 or higher
* [Mono](http://www.mono-project.com/) if you're on Linux or macOS.

```
> build.cmd // on windows
$ ./build.sh  // on unix
```

#### Environment Variables

* `CONFIGURATION` will set the [configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build?tabs=netcore2x#options) of the dotnet commands.  If not set it will default to Release.
  * `CONFIGURATION=Debug ./build.sh` will result in things like `dotnet build -c Debug`
* `GITHUB_TOKEN` will be used to upload release notes and nuget packages to github.
  * Be sure to set this before releasing

### Watch Tests

The `WatchTests` target will use [dotnet-watch](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/tutorials/dotnet-watch.md) to watch for changes in your lib or tests and re-run your tests on all `TargetFrameworks`

```
./build.sh WatchTests
```

### Releasing
* [Start a git repo with a remote](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-an-existing-project-to-github-using-the-command-line/)

```
git add .
git commit -m "Scaffold"
git remote add origin origin https://github.com/user/MyCoolNewLib.git
git push -u origin master
```

* [Add your nuget API key to paket](https://fsprojects.github.io/Paket/paket-config.html#Adding-a-NuGet-API-key)

```
paket config add-token "https://www.nuget.org" 4003d786-cc37-4004-bfdf-c4f3e8ef9b3a
```

* [Create a GitHub OAuth Token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/)
    * You can then set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to upload release notes and artifacts to github
    * Otherwise it will fallback to username/password


* Then update the `RELEASE_NOTES.md` with a new version, date, and release notes [ReleaseNotesHelper](https://fsharp.github.io/FAKE/apidocs/fake-releasenoteshelper.html)

```
#### 0.2.0 - 2017-04-20
* FEATURE: Does cool stuff!
* BUGFIX: Fixes that silly oversight
```

* You can then use the `Release` target.  This will:
    * make a commit bumping the version:  `Bump version to 0.2.0` and add the release notes to the commit
    * publish the package to nuget
    * push a git tag

```
./build.sh Release
```


### Code formatting

To format code run the following target

```
./build.sh FormatCode
```

This uses [Fantomas](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas) to do code formatting.  Please report code formatting bugs to that repository.

Commit message:

Bump version to 0.1.2 * Update Nuget Description

README.md, after:

# FSharp.Control.Websockets

FSharp.Control.WebSockets wraps [dotnet websockets](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.websockets.websocket?view=netcore-2.0) in FSharp friendly functions and has a ThreadSafe version.


### Why? 

Dotnet websockets only allow for one receive and one send at a time. If multiple threads try to write to a websocket, it will throw a `System.InvalidOperationException` with the message `There is already one outstanding 'SendAsync' call for this WebSocket instance. ReceiveAsync and SendAsync can be called simultaneously, but at most one outstanding operation for each of them is allowed at the same time.`. This wraps a websocket in a hopac server-client model that allows for multiple threads to write or read at the same time. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.websockets.websocket.sendasync?view=netcore-2.0#Remarks

---

## Builds

MacOS/Linux | Windows
--- | ---
[![Travis Badge](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets) | [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)
[![Build History](https://buildstats.info/travisci/chart/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets)](https://travis-ci.org/TheAngryByrd/FSharp.Control.Websockets/builds) | [![Build History](https://buildstats.info/appveyor/chart/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/TheAngryByrd/fsharp-control-websockets)  


## Nuget 

Stable | Prerelease
--- | ---
[![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/FSharp.Control.Websockets)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Control.Websockets/) | [![NuGet Badge](https://buildstats.info/nuget/FSharp.Control.Websockets?includePreReleases=true)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/FSharp.Control.Websockets/)

---

### Building


Make sure the following **requirements** are installed in your system:

* [dotnet SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/core) 2.0 or higher
* [Mono](http://www.mono-project.com/) if you're on Linux or macOS.

```
> build.cmd // on windows
$ ./build.sh  // on unix
```

#### Environment Variables

* `CONFIGURATION` will set the [configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build?tabs=netcore2x#options) of the dotnet commands.  If not set it will default to Release.
  * `CONFIGURATION=Debug ./build.sh` will result in things like `dotnet build -c Debug`
* `GITHUB_TOKEN` will be used to upload release notes and nuget packages to github.
  * Be sure to set this before releasing

### Watch Tests

The `WatchTests` target will use [dotnet-watch](https://github.com/aspnet/Docs/blob/master/aspnetcore/tutorials/dotnet-watch.md) to watch for changes in your lib or tests and re-run your tests on all `TargetFrameworks`

```
./build.sh WatchTests
```

### Releasing
* [Start a git repo with a remote](https://help.github.com/articles/adding-an-existing-project-to-github-using-the-command-line/)

```
git add .
git commit -m "Scaffold"
git remote add origin origin https://github.com/user/MyCoolNewLib.git
git push -u origin master
```

* [Add your nuget API key to paket](https://fsprojects.github.io/Paket/paket-config.html#Adding-a-NuGet-API-key)

```
paket config add-token "https://www.nuget.org" 4003d786-cc37-4004-bfdf-c4f3e8ef9b3a
```

* [Create a GitHub OAuth Token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/)
    * You can then set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` to upload release notes and artifacts to github
    * Otherwise it will fallback to username/password


* Then update the `RELEASE_NOTES.md` with a new version, date, and release notes [ReleaseNotesHelper](https://fsharp.github.io/FAKE/apidocs/fake-releasenoteshelper.html)

```
#### 0.2.0 - 2017-04-20
* FEATURE: Does cool stuff!
* BUGFIX: Fixes that silly oversight
```

* You can then use the `Release` target.  This will:
    * make a commit bumping the version:  `Bump version to 0.2.0` and add the release notes to the commit
    * publish the package to nuget
    * push a git tag

```
./build.sh Release
```


### Code formatting

To format code run the following target

```
./build.sh FormatCode
```

This uses [Fantomas](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas) to do code formatting.  Please report code formatting bugs to that repository.
